Thank you for watching.
Let's fight, let's fight, and defend the Constitution,
The Emperor of the National Victory!
Let's raise our voices, and fight, and defend,
Let's fight, and defend, and defend, and defend, and defend!
The people are united in the struggle of the people,
Let's fight, let's fight, and defend the Constitution,
The Emperor of the National Victory!
Let's raise our voices, and fight, and defend, and defend, and defend, and defend!
The enemy is in a rage, the enemy is in a rage,
Let's fight, let's fight, and defend the Constitution,
The Emperor of the National Victory!
Let's raise our voices, and fight, and defend, and defend, and defend, and defend, and defend!